feat: documenting new table APIs (#533)
webforj/webforj-documentation: docs/docs/components/table/table_columns.md

In this example, a column will attempt to access data from a JSON object, rendering it only if the data is not null.

### Visibility {#visibility}

> It's possible to set the visibility of a column, determining whether or not it will be shown within the `Table`. This can be useful when, among other things, determining whether or not to display sensitive information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the visibility of a column, controlling whether or not it will be shown within the `Table`. This can be particularly useful for hiding sensitive information.
```
Just a suggestion for rewriting this portion to limit passive voice and repetition of "determining".

```java
table.addColumn("ReadOnly Column", Product::getDescription).setSuppressNavigable(true);
```

## Layout and formatting {#layout-and-formatting}

After establishing a column’s identity, the next step is to control how its content appears to users. Layout options such as alignment and pinning determine where data sits and how it stays visible as you work with a `Table`.

### Alignment {#alignment}

Alignment defines the horizontal positioning of data within a column. It provides a visual guide to users about the nature of the information. 

<!-- vale off -->
<ComponentDemo 
path='/webforj/tablecolumnalignment?' 
javaE='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webforj/webforj-documentation/refs/heads/main/src/main/java/com/webforj/samples/views/table/TableColumnAlignmentView.java'
urls={['https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webforj/webforj-documentation/refs/heads/main/src/main/java/com/webforj/samples/views/table/MusicRecord.java', 
'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webforj/webforj-documentation/refs/heads/main/src/main/java/com/webforj/samples/views/table/Service.java']}
height='600px'
/>
<!-- vale on -->

> The `Table` Component supports three primary alignment options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Table` Component supports three alignment options:
```
The word 'primary' here implies that there are other (secondary) alignment options besides these primary ones, and that doesn't seem to be the case.

Pinning can be set programmatically, allowing users to change the pin direction based on user interactions or application logic.

## Column sizing {#column-sizing}

### Fixed width {#fixed-width}

> You can set an exact width for a column using the `setWidth()` method:

Reviewer: Since this section appears before the Minimum Width section, it would be good to have a sentence defining what the value passed in to setWidth represents, just like there is in that section below. I found myself wondering whether these were pixels or something else.

```java
table.addColumn("ID", Product::getId).setWidth(80f);
```

The width property defines the desired initial width for the column. How this width is used depends on other properties and column type:

> - [**Regular columns**]: With only width set, the column renders at the specified width but can shrink proportionally when the container is too small. The width acts as both desired and minimum width.

Reviewer: This is confusing to me: if width is acting as both desired and minimum width, and it renders at the specified width, how can it shrink proportionally? Shouldn't it not be able to shrink if width is acting as minimum width?

> - [**Regular columns**]: With only width set, the column renders at the specified width but can shrink proportionally when the container is too small. The width acts as both desired and minimum width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Regular columns**: With only width set, the column renders at the specified width but can shrink proportionally when the container is too small. The width acts as both desired and minimum width.
```
Brackets aren't necessary when there is no link here.

- [**Pinned columns**](#pinning): Always maintain their exact width, never participating in responsive shrinking.
- [**Flex columns**](#flex-sizing): Setting width is incompatible with flex. Use either width (fixed) or flex (proportional), not both.

If not specified, the column will use its estimated width based on content analysis of the first few rows.

```java
// Get current width
float currentWidth = column.getWidth();
```

### Minimum width {#minimum-width}

The `setMinWidth()` method allows you to define the minimum width of a column. If the minimum width isn't provided, the `Table` will calculate the minimum width based on the column content.

```java
table.addColumn("Price", Product::getPrice).setMinWidth(100f);
```

> The value passed represents the desired minimum width in pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value passed represents the minimum width in pixels.
```
Since "desired width" is used as a distinct term from "minimum width," I would recommend not also using "desired minimum width" here.

The minimum width property controls the smallest width a column can have:

> - **Regular columns**: With only `minWidth` set, the column uses minWidth as both desired and minimum width. With width + minWidth, the column can shrink from width down to `minWidth` but no further.

Reviewer: The method is `setMinWidth()`, but is `minWidth` an actual property or variable? If not, avoid using `minWidth` in code tags, and just call it "minimum width".

- [**Pinned columns**](#pinning): If only `minWidth` is set (no width), it becomes the fixed width.
- [**Flex columns**](#flex-sizing): Prevents the column from shrinking below this width even when container space is limited.

```java
// Get current minimum width
float minWidth = column.getMinWidth();
```

### Maximum width {#maximum-width}

The `setMaxWidth()` method limits how wide a column can grow, preventing columns with long content from becoming too wide and affecting readability:

```java
table.addColumn("Description", Product::getDescription)
    .setMinWidth(100f)
    .setMaxWidth(300f);
```

> The `maxWidth` property limits column growth for all column types and will never be exceeded regardless of content, container size, or flex settings.

Reviewer: Similar question here: is `maxWidth` an actual user-facing property, or is it only accessed through setMaxWidth and getMaxWidth?

table.setColumnsToMovable(false);
```

:::note Bulk Operations
The `setColumnsToResizable()` and `setColumnsToMovable()` methods only affect existing columns at the time of invocation. They don't set defaults for future columns.
:::

## Programmatic column movement {#programmatic-column-movement}

In addition to drag-and-drop, you can also reposition columns programmatically by index or ID. Keep in mind that the index is based only on visible columns; any hidden columns are ignored when calculating positions.

```java
// Move column to first position
table.moveColumn("title", 0);

// Move column to last position
table.moveColumn(titleColumn.getId(), table.getColumns().size() - 1);

// Async movement with callback
table.moveColumn("description", 2).thenAccept(ignored -> {
    // Column moved successfully
});
```

## Event handling {#event-handling}

The `Table` component emits events when users interact with columns, allowing you to respond to layout changes and save user preferences.

Supported events:

- `TableColumnResizeEvent`: Fired when a user resizes a column by dragging its border.
- `TableColumnMoveEvent`: Fired when a user reorders a column by dragging its header.

> You can attach listeners to these events to run logic when users modify the table layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can attach event listeners to the table to run logic when users modify the table layout.
```
I don't think you attach listeners to events, I think you attach listeners to the table, and they listen *for* the events. That's my understanding at least.
